Adding instructions for NVIDIA GPU's on SLE Micro (#73)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: docs/quickstart/nvidia-slemicro.md

It's important to call out that the support for these drivers is provided by both SUSE and NVIDIA in tight collaboration, however if you have any concerns or questions about the combination in which you're utilising the drivers, then please ask your SUSE or NVIDIA account managers for further assistance. If you're planning on utilising [NVIDIA AI Enterprise](https://www.nvidia.com/en-gb/data-center/products/ai-enterprise/) (NVAIE) you will need to ensure that you're using an [NVAIE certified GPU](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/gpu-operator/latest/platform-support.html#supported-nvidia-gpus-and-systems), which *may* require the use of proprietary NVIDIA drivers. If you're unsure, please speak with your NVIDIA representative.

> > NOTE: The instructions provided below will drastically simplify in the coming weeks; the instructions below demonstrate how to pull some packages from SLES repos and install them on SLE Micro, and we're currently porting these packages over to SLE Micro 5.3, 5.4, and 5.5. They'll also be available in the ALP-based Micro equivalent in the coming months.

Reviewer: I'd move to the end but it's a personal opinion

## Prerequisites

If you're following this guide, it's assumed that you've got the following already available:

* At least one host with SLE Micro 5.3+ installed; this can be physical or virtual.

> * Your host(s) is/are attached to a subscription as this will be required for package access - an evaluation is available [here](https://www.suse.com/download/sle-micro/).

Reviewer: maybe better registered on SCC???
```suggestion
* Your host(s) is/are registered on the Suse Customer Center `SCC` as this will be required for package access - an evaluation is available [here](https://www.suse.com/download/sle-micro/).
```

```shell
cd /root/nvidia/container-suseconnect-zypp:SLE-Module-Basesystem15-SP4-Updates/x86_64
zypper in -y nvidia-open-driver-G06-signed-kmp-default* kernel-firmware-nvidia-gspx-G06* nvidia-compute-utils-G06
```

> NOTE: If this fails to install it's likely that there's a dependency mismatch between the selected driver version and what NVIDIA is shipping in their repositories - please revisit the section above to validate that your versions match; it may require you to remove files from `/root/nvidia` and re-execute the commands starting from `toolbox`.

Now that you've installed these packages, it's time to exit the `transactional-update` session:

```shell
exit
```

> NOTE: Please make sure that you've exited the `transactional-update` session before proceeding!

Next, if you're *not* using a supported GPU, remembering that the list can be found [here](https://github.com/NVIDIA/open-gpu-kernel-modules#compatible-gpus), you can see if the driver will work by enabling support at the module level, but your mileage may vary -- skip this step if you're using a *supported* GPU:

```shell

> sed '/NVreg_OpenRmEnableUnsupportedGpus/s/^#//g' /etc/modprobe.d/50-nvidia-default.conf

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sed -i '/NVreg_OpenRmEnableUnsupportedGpus/s/^#//g' /etc/modprobe.d/50-nvidia-default.conf
```

`-i` is required for inline changes, otherwise it will output the content to stdout.

|   1  NVIDIA A100-PCIE-40GB          Off | 00000000:CA:00.0 Off |                    0 |
| N/A   30C    P0              33W / 250W |      4MiB / 40960MiB |      0%      Default |
|                                         |                      |             Disabled |
+-----------------------------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Processes:                                                                            |
|  GPU   GI   CI        PID   Type   Process name                            GPU Memory |
|        ID   ID                                                             Usage      |
|=======================================================================================|
|  No running processes found                                                           |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
```

...and that's it! You've successfully installed and verified that the NVIDIA drivers are loaded into SLE Micro.

## Further Validation

> At this stage, all we've been able to verify is that at the host level the NVIDIA device can be accessed and that the drivers are loading successfully. However, if we want to be sure that it's functioning, a simple test would be to try and validate that the GPU can take instruction from a user-space application, ideally via a container, and through the CUDA library, as that's typically what a real workload would utilise. For this, we can make a further modification to the host OS by installing the `nvidia-container-toolkit`. First, open up another `transactional-update` shell, noting that we could have done this in a single transaction in the previous step, but to many (e.g. customers wanting to use Kubernetes) this step won't be required:

Reviewer 3: Maybe talk or link about how to validate with kubernetes here as you mention this is only for those who don't use kubernetes

Author: Yeah, I've got a section at the bottom that I want to fill out, but I don't want to delay this first release :)

```shell
podman run --rm --device nvidia.com/gpu=all --security-opt=label=disable -it registry.suse.com/bci/bci-base:latest bash
```

When we're in the temporary podman container we can install the required CUDA libraries, again checking the correct CUDA version for your driver [here](https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-toolkit-release-notes/) although the previous output of `nvidia-smi` should show the required CUDA version. In the example below we're installing *CUDA 12.1* and we're pulling a large number of examples, demo's, and development kits so you can fully validate the GPU:

```shell
zypper ar http://developer.download.nvidia.com/compute/cuda/repos/sles15/x86_64/ cuda-sle15-sp4
zypper in -y cuda-libraries-devel-12-1 cuda-minimal-build-12-1 cuda-demo-suite-12-1
```

Once this has been installed successfully, don't exit from the container, we'll run the `deviceQuery` CUDA example, which will comprehensively validate GPU access via CUDA, and from within the container itself:

```shell
/usr/local/cuda-12/extras/demo_suite/deviceQuery
```

If successful, you should see output that shows similar to the following, noting the `Result = PASS` message at the end of the command:

> ```shell

Reviewer 3: nit: this is not really a shell snippet, raw text should be a better choice here

  Texture alignment:                             512 bytes
  Concurrent copy and kernel execution:          Yes with 3 copy engine(s)
  Run time limit on kernels:                     No
  Integrated GPU sharing Host Memory:            No
  Support host page-locked memory mapping:       Yes
  Alignment requirement for Surfaces:            Yes
  Device has ECC support:                        Enabled
  Device supports Unified Addressing (UVA):      Yes
  Device supports Compute Preemption:            Yes
  Supports Cooperative Kernel Launch:            Yes
  Supports MultiDevice Co-op Kernel Launch:      Yes
  Device PCI Domain ID / Bus ID / location ID:   0 / 202 / 0
  Compute Mode:
     < Default (multiple host threads can use ::cudaSetDevice() with device simultaneously) >
> Peer access from NVIDIA A100-PCIE-40GB (GPU0) -> NVIDIA A100-PCIE-40GB (GPU1) : Yes
> Peer access from NVIDIA A100-PCIE-40GB (GPU1) -> NVIDIA A100-PCIE-40GB (GPU0) : Yes

deviceQuery, CUDA Driver = CUDART, CUDA Driver Version = 12.2, CUDA Runtime Version = 12.1, NumDevs = 2, Device0 = NVIDIA A100-PCIE-40GB, Device1 = NVIDIA A100-PCIE-40GB
Result = PASS
```

> From here, you can continue to run any other CUDA workload - you can utilise compilers, and any other aspect of the CUDA ecosystem to run some further tests. When you're done you can exit from the container, noting that whatever you've installed in there is ephemeral (so will be lost!), and hasn't impacted the underlying operating system:

Author: Thanks Alberto, but "noting" is the correct word here, like "take a note"
